README.md, before:

# cat-tinder

just made an initial commit with two separate directories:
a react app with redux and one without.

My initial thoughts are that I should not have included Redux on my resume just because I used it on one sprint. I will pretty much have to re-learn redux today which will eat up a lot of time. I will get an mvp working without redux and then with any spare time attempt to implement redux.

Basic App structure:
App.js is going to render a <CatGif /> component

Today went pretty bad to be honest. I couldn't even figure out how to center the gif horizontally and vertically let alone implement the swipe feature.

The codepen I ended up trying to reference for the swipe animation can be found at https://codepen.io/suez/pen/MaeVBy?editors=1000

I had a difficult time translating the styles and logic over to my app. I don't understand why the author of this pen used the nested divs the way that he did

This coding project really exposed a huge hole in my skillset which is CSS. I haven't used CSS much in my personal applications and I foolishly thought that I would be able to pick it up enough to complete interview coding challenges.

I was dead wrong!

Next steps for me is to go buy a udemy courses that covers CSS fundamentals and one that covers styling React apps.

As far as Redux -- taking it off my resume. I'm not at the level of proficiency to be able to claim that I "know" the technology. It was a major part of this prompt and I was straight up not even able to address it -- lesson learned.

In conclusion, I made some assumptions of my ability to pick up technologies on the fly that I'd only used a few times. CSS is obviously a baseline skill for front-end development and I need to get better at it FAST.

Commit message:

updated README.md, deleted cat-tinder-redux

README.md, after:

# cat-tinder

I initially made two apps inside this repo:

- cat-tinder-redux
- cat-tinder-noredux

After going over the Redux docs, my initial thoughts were that I should not have included Redux on my resume just because I used it on one application. I pretty much was goingn to have to re-learn redux today which I knew was going to eat up a lot of time.

My intentions were to get an mvp working without redux and then with any spare time, attempt to implement a version with redux.

I did not have time to get to redux and I deleted the cat-tinder-redux app

Basic App structure:
App.js is going to render a <CatGif /> component

Today went pretty bad to be honest. I couldn't even figure out how to center the gif horizontally and vertically let alone implement the swipe feature.

The codepen I ended up trying to reference for the swipe animation can be found at https://codepen.io/suez/pen/MaeVBy?editors=1000

I had a difficult time translating the styles and logic over to my app. I don't understand why the author of this pen used the nested divs the way that he did

This coding project really exposed a huge hole in my skillset which is CSS. I haven't used CSS much in my personal applications and I foolishly thought that I would be able to pick it up enough to complete interview coding challenges.

I was dead wrong!

Next steps for me is to go buy a udemy courses that covers CSS fundamentals and one that covers styling React apps.

As far as Redux -- taking it off my resume. I'm not at the level of proficiency to be able to claim that I "know" the technology. It was a major part of this prompt and I was straight up not even able to address it -- lesson learned.

In conclusion, I made some assumptions of my ability to pick up technologies on the fly that I'd only used a few times. CSS is obviously a baseline skill for front-end development and I need to get better at it FAST.
